Introduction
------------

**This version is tagged AR6_FGD and was used for producing figures
for the First Governemental Draft of the 6th IPCC/WGI Assessment
Report. It is not the most recent one, and not the best documented
one, and is here for reference and reproducibility. Please look in the
home repository for a more advanced one.**

This document describes a software funded by Météo-France and
originally developped by Stéphane Sénési, for helping with analyses
and figures based on `CMIP6
<https://www.wcrp-climate.org/wgcm-cmip/wgcm-cmip6>`_ multi-model
results and needed in the context of Météo-France's contribution to
`IPCC <https://www.ipcc.ch/>`_ Assessment Report #6 (`AR6
<https://www.ipcc.ch/assessment-report/ar6/>`_) WG1 Chapter 8 (that
chapter deals with hydrological aspects of Climate Change).

The software design allows to re-use it for
CMIP6 multi-model analyses of changes of any climate variable ; it
has been developped and used on `IPSL's <https://www.ipsl.fr/>`_ `ESPRI
<https://en.aeris-data.fr/espri/>`_ platform, and it is fully portable
and usable on any machine with CMIP6 data and e.g. conda-enabled
environments (see :ref:`requirements`)


**This version is tagged AR6_FGD and was used for producing figures
for the First Governemental Draft of the 6th IPCC/WGI Assessment
Report. It is not the most recent one, and not the best documented
one, and is here for reference and reproducibility. Please look in the
home repository for a more advanced one.**

